Okay, fantastic. So now in this step,
I'm going to actually show you how to decode your transaction
which means the transaction that we just created in the last step,
how to decode it and make sure that everything went fine.
Again, the command that we use for that is called decoderawtransaction,
followed by this hexstring that we just received back from creating the raw transaction.
So I'm going to say, let's copy this hexstring.
Then I'm going to have my command that says decoderawtransaction,
and then I'm going to paste this,
the complete string, fantastic.
So this is how you can make sure that everything went fine.
So again, if you see,
this is the output that we got back.
If you see there is one vin,
because we have one input.
There's less one vin going in,
and then this is this one,
and then we have two vouts.
So it's an array with one vout that we sent this much balance to,
this much bitcoins to,
and then the other output that we sent this much bitcoins.
If you remember the transaction that we did,
we had one input, two outputs.
So this is how you know that everything went fine.
Again, one thing I want you to look here is that if you look in the V input,
if you look in this V input over here,
let's see, right there.
If you look in this part,
you see that scriptSig,
which is the signature, is empty because we haven't signed our transaction yet.
So the first thing that we definitely need to do before we send this transaction out,
we need to sign it first using our valid which I'm going to show you in the next step.